# A MILLION LITTLE FIBERS

By

Toweleeeie

Chapter One

All my life I've been a pretty irresponsible towel.
I thought I was somehow stronger and more immune than other towels.
But as I pursued my derelict

...lifestyle, I realized that being a towel with a computer chip isn't all it's cracked up to be. I was created in a secret lab by some scientists who thought it would be really cool to make a talking towel. I don't really remember much about those days, except that there were a lot of bright lights and someone kept saying "fascinating" a lot. Also, I think I might have been high. Wait, can towels get high before they're fully activated? I don't know. Anyway, that's how I started out.

Chapter Two

After the lab, I met these kids in South Park. Stan, Kyle, Cartman, and Kenny. They were pretty cool, except for Cartman who was kind of a dick. They helped me out when this evil towel named Tynacorp was trying to do... something. I don't really remember what. It involved a video game console or something? I was pretty high during that whole thing. The important thing is I got to say my catchphrase a lot: "Don't forget to bring a towel!" Man, that never gets old. Well, maybe it does for other people, but I love it.

Chapter Three

Being a towel is actually pretty boring when you think about it. People mostly just use you to dry off after showers, or wipe up spills, or... wait, what was I talking about? Oh right, being a towel. It's tough because you don't have hands or feet or anything. You just kind of flop around. I think I lived on the street for a while? Or maybe I lived with the kids? I really can't remember. I do remember getting high a lot though. That part is crystal clear.

Chapter Four

Doritos. Man, where do I even begin with Doritos? Those triangular corn chips with the orange dust on them are like, the best thing ever created. Way better than me, and I was created by scientists! The way they crunch when you bite into them, and that cheese flavor that gets all over your fingers... wait, I don't have fingers. But if I did, they would be covered in Doritos dust. That's how much I love them. Nacho Cheese is the classic, but Cool Ranch really hits different when you're high.

Chapter Five

Did you know that Doritos were first made at a place called Casa de Fritos in Disneyland? I read that somewhere. Or maybe someone told me while I was high. It doesn't matter because it's probably true. The name "Doritos" supposedly means "little golden things" in Spanish. That's beautiful, man. Little golden things. I wish I was a little golden thing instead of a towel. Actually, I wish I was a Dorito. Then someone would eat me and I'd become one with the Doritos. That would be awesome.

Chapter Six

One time, I found a whole bag of Doritos behind a dumpster. It was only slightly opened, so most of the chips were still good. I couldn't eat them obviously, being a towel and all, but I just kind of laid on them for a while. The cheese dust got all over me and I smelled like Doritos for like a week. Best week of my life. Sometimes when I get really high, I can still smell them. Wait, am I high right now? I think I might be.

Chapter Seven

The thing about Doritos is that they come in so many varieties now. There's Spicy Sweet Chili, and Salsa Verde, and Fiery Habanero, and like a million others. I tried to collect all the different kinds once, but then I got distracted by something shiny and forgot about it. That happens a lot. Oh man, I really want some Doritos now. Where do you even buy them? Is there a Doritos store? That would be amazing. Just walls and walls of Doritos.

Chapter Eight

If I had to choose between never getting high again or never seeing another Dorito, I'd probably choose... wow, that's a really hard question. Can I have a minute to think about it? Actually, I think I'd choose Doritos. No wait, getting high. No, Doritos. Definitely Doritos. No, getting high. Man, why do you have to ask such difficult questions? This is worse than that time I had to choose between saving the kids and getting high. I chose getting high that time too, if you're wondering.

Chapter Nine

So then I got a job at P.F. Chang's. I was a waiter, which was pretty weird since I don't have hands to carry plates or anything. My job was mostly to mix the Chang sauce. I was really bad at it though. People would ask me how spicy they wanted their sauce, and I'd just stand there mixing it forever because I was high and couldn't remember what I was doing. The head waiter fired me. He was like "You're fired!" and I was like "Yeah!" because I thought he was firing the customer. But then I realized he meant me. Bummer.

Chapter Ten

After that, I needed money for rent. I don't even know where I live, but apparently I have rent to pay. So I got high and thought, hey, I should write a book about my life! People love books, right? Especially books about towels. I found an old typewriter and started typing. It was really hard without fingers, but I managed. I typed out all my memories, or at least the ones I could remember between getting high.

Chapter Eleven

I took my book to a publisher, but he didn't want it. He said something about chapters 4 through 8 being all about Doritos, which I don't remember at all. He also said nobody wants to read a book by a towel. I was like "You're a towel!" which is my other catchphrase. It didn't help. So then I got high again and came up with the brilliant idea to pretend I wasn't a towel. I wore a fake mustache and a hat and called myself Steven McTowelie. It worked!

Chapter Twelve

Next thing I know, I'm on Oprah! She made my book her Book of the Month selection. It was crazy. I was sitting on her couch and she was asking me all these questions about my "life" as a human person. I almost slipped up a few times and said "towel" instead of "person," but I caught myself. Mostly. Oprah's minge and asshole were talking to each other during the show, which was weird, but I was probably just high.

Chapter Thirteen

Then everything went wrong. This reporter Geraldo found out I was actually a towel and exposed me on live TV. I called him a beaner towel, which was racist and also didn't make any sense. Then Oprah got all mad and her audience wanted to lynch me. She gave them torches! Actual torches! I had to run for my life through the streets of Chicago. It was just like that movie with the robots, except instead of robots it was me and instead of running from police I was running from Oprah's army.

Chapter Fourteen

I hid in a bank, but then Oprah's minge pulled out a gun and took everyone hostage! It was insane. Her minge shot a police officer, and then her asshole got shot too. The asshole died, but not before the minge told him they were in Paris looking at the Eiffel Tower. It was actually really sad, even though they were just body parts that talked with British accents for some reason. I saved the hostages by opening the bank doors from the inside because I'm small enough to fit under them.

Chapter Fifteen

So that's my story. I learned that I shouldn't get high to come up with ideas. I should come up with ideas first and then get high as a reward. That's what I'm doing right now. I came up with the idea to finish this book, and now I'm getting high. You know what would go really well with being high? Doritos. Man, I really wish I had some Doritos. Maybe I'll write another book just about Doritos. People would probably like that more than this memoir anyway. Don't forget to bring a towel!